add warning about counterintuitive readiness probe (#26387)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-startup-probes.md

Readiness probes runs on the container during its whole lifecycle.
{{< /note >}}

{{< warning >}}

> Liveness probes *do not* wait for readiness probes to succeed. If you want to wait before executing a liveness probe you should use initialDelaySeconds or a startupProbe.

Reviewer: How about this revised wording:
```suggestion
Liveness probes become active as soon as the container is started: they do *not* wait
for readiness probes to succeed. If you want to wait before executing a liveness
probe, you can set `initialDelaySeconds`, or use a startupProbe.
```

Reviewer: Also, I'd probably use a _caution_ callout rather than a _warning_; _warning_ is for “a mistake here could break your cluster” sort of severity.

Reviewer 2: +1 to tim's comments and revision :)

Reviewer 3: @caleb15 .
Do you need help or have questions about the suggested changes?

Author: Sorry about that, I had slack notifications enabled but they don't work for repos that don't have the slack app installed. I just enabled re-enabled email notifications.

The change looks good. I'll note that it should be incorporated into the change for https://github.com/kubernetes/website/issues/26785 now.
